this is a Native American teeth the
leaves about the size of a dime
reddish-brownish
you'll notice the leaves look like grass
I'm gonna take some miss you get some
water from the creek and we're gonna
drink let me show you how to make it
some Native American Indian teeth I got
a fire going now and they need to get
picked early
I got tripod built here that is young
named treason and I'm just drawing it
out right there drying out and in a
minute we're gonna be drinking some
water on this Creek right here and pull
on it and then I'm waiting for some
charcoal get char cloth at bar to you
and now I'm gonna show you that imagine
but this is a fast way to drying it TIA
we'll get water here from this Creek
right here I'm gonna use this may be a
better than us right there right there
water we're gonna boil it and put some
charcoal in there and trigger the MMT
okay now I got that I'm using it this
way cooking with it and my charcoal I
probably been in is the end of tea and I
dried up pretty much pretty good stick
it in here and get enough to make a
couple of cups and that I'd ride on the
that tripod on the fire there look there
got some coves out pull them down just
enough to boil the water purify the
water so the water is brought up your
fire and I'll put that in here and
and break it up with it that's enough
right there for this much amount and put
it together
got a creek water in there from the
creek I wouldn't drink it straight you
know so this is depend on a nonminor way
but like camping but the Indians used to
dig it with clay and get a some rocks on
the side and they would heat the rocks
up that dollar size fits in size and
then there would dig a hole put a play
like I said and pit and my stews in
there and you dump your hot rocks in the
water and then you know that and then it
would work seven days the water was pure
they didn't have to add no charcoal to
filter that but you get most out by the
fire will boiling it with that don't get
the charcoal will get out and then you
can drink out of a creek or a lake but
for this Matt right there you see what I
used about that much Turco there's
enough more water more charcoal we'll
get back with you in this is bowling and
I'm gonna drink some Indian tea we
picked out here in the woods
he'll hit Park it for a while yeah check
it out here nice and toasty a little bit
hot from your hands so get me my shirt
in here for me a little bit of this
yeah that Indian tea yeah the creek
water here just let it cool a little bit
it's like drinking a cup of coffee
ha yeah tastes good tastes like tap
water and it's from the creek right here
course with charcoal but the reason
demonstrating this you can make coffee
this way you purify water this way by
that fire as you know purifies the water
and therefore the charcoal added to it
is the simple way there's other methods
this is the way I've been using just
right out of the creek and hot but by
the creek I would never drink it
you're the worst scenario diarrhea
stomach aches no the other scenario but
pretty much it